Managing Hardware.
The first aspect I want to cover with managing hardware,
keeping in mind that this is not a PC hardware course,
we're focused on the Windows 10 operating system,
is that you should be aware of what the Windows 10
Driver Store is and where it's located.
We've talked a little bit in the past here and there about the fact
that normally with hardware it's Plug and Play,
that is, you install or plug in the hardware,
and Windows will identify the device and pull a driver on its own,
then going forward you can use Windows Update to keep those drivers up to date.
In that first case where Windows gives you a driver on its own behalf,
where exactly is it pulling those drivers?
It's pulling them from the Windows 10 Driver Store,
and by default,
this is a repository located in the path
C:/Windows/System32/DriverStore/FileRepository,
and there's a whole bunch of folders,
and many of those folders contain class drivers that
fit multiple pieces of hardware.
So it's not necessarily a one-to-one relation.
In the enterprise, it's very possible, and it actually happens every workday,
that if you have specific manufacturer drivers that you want to
use and make available to Windows Plug and Play,
you can stage those in the Windows 10 Driver Store
on the machines that you manage.
Failing that, as I said,
Windows Update can also be used to pull current drivers directly from the internet.